Add root json (#1)
github-early-access/gh-attestation: README.md

To see detailed usage information for a given subcommand:

`gh attestation help <subcommand>`

## Trust root management

GitHub is relying on [TUF](https://theupdateframework.io/) to securely
deliver the trust root for our signing authority. It's natively

> integrated into `attestation` extenstion. By using TUF the client will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
integrated into the GitHub CLI [attestation extension](https://github.com/github-early-access/gh-attestation/). By using TUF the client will
```
